This is a head gum original.
Guys, you know my problem with edibles, sometimes you get so high.
You know it can be really difficult to control the dose it out right, and there's nothing
worse than being baked out of your mind when you didn't plan on it.
And you know once you eat it, there's no going back.
That's why when I need the perfect medium high, I hit up my friends at Diet smoke for
their delicious Delta ATHC gummies.
So what is Delta AT?
Well Delta AT is simply a less potent THC.
The THC you're probably most familiar with is Delta 9, and while both are natural to the
cannabis plant, Diet smoke extracts their Delta 8 from hemp.
Some may call this a loophole.
I call it the secret recipe to getting a smooth, stable and most importantly, legal high.
Diet smoke is legal in most states, and it's non-prescription.
Just check Diet smoke's website to see if they ship their delicious gummies to your state.
Now you're probably asking yourself, does Diet smoke really get you high?
Of course, the how you get with Diet smoke is best described as somewhere between the
chillness of CBD and that classic stone feeling you get with regular weed.
Plus Diet smoke comes until two delicious flavors, blue raspberry and watermelon, I say
try them both.
So when CBD isn't enough, and traditional THC is too much, enjoy the smooth buzz of
Diet smoke.
Each gummy is infused with 10 milligrams of Delta ATHC derived from American grown
hemp.
Okay, by American, get high with American.
Delta 8 gummies are low in sugar, fat free, and delicious, and did I mention their legal?
So go to dietsmoke.com and use promo code, what's that for 20% off your order?
And as a special offer, Diet smoke scoop on code can be used on every order, not just your
first.
Again, dietsmoke.com, promo code, what's that for 20% off?
Diet smoke's Delta ATHC gummies are not for use or sale to anyone under the age of 21.
Please use responsibly.
Thanks, Diet smoke.
Here's a perfect example, I can't hit the applause, that pause is going to be, that's
not going to be good for audio.
You can't pause the applause.
Yeah.
Well, this is going to be the worst episode ever.
Oh, come on, Kayla.
That's not true.
Well, it might be a second before I see it, so that's a little to go like.
To page two of the other ones, they got the applause.
All right.
Two tabs open.
I do.
Okay.
Sorry.
I'm trying to help.
No, I'm mad at them.
We've got Joel on the fucking show.
Joel, you're one of Headgums' new hires.
Why don't you tell us what you do and why you are?
Yes, my name is Joel.
I am a software engineer for headgums-gumball.
Yes, so I took down the site for about 10 to 15 minutes on purpose.
No, by accident.
I didn't even know I did it.
Wow.
Do you know how hard?
I wiped the database of all of the shows that we have.
So if anyone tried to sort of search for a show, there was nothing.
I saw the main source of income for the entire company.
You took away for 15 minutes.
That's 15 minutes by the way that there could have been like a man'scaped ad by at 150,000.
Yeah, maybe even on this show.
Really?
Yeah.
This isn't how I wanted the last 24 hours to go.
Well, you pushed this because you said you had a semi-emergency.
Correct.
Okay.
Care to elaborate.
I don't.
Well, tell you also did you do the same post that picture at like a western saloon or something.
Just a few hours after the service.
Yeah.
I noticed that.
And he also slacked us at 6 a.m. the following morning.
Whatever is going on is still going on.
That's funny.
But I think it ought to fucking bring it up again.
Yeah.
All right.
No, I, I, I, this is not the emergency that I need to put some record.
My, my landlord's selling the place.
My landlord selling the place.
And I have to find a new place to live Joel.
And you've never been to my house, but this place is pretty incredible.
So I'm not too happy about it.
Do you know how much you're going to get for it?
The system.
It says 1.08 million dollars.
I think you said a fetch 1.2.
Is it a two bedroom?
It's a four bedroom.
Four bedrooms aren't those going for a lot more than one million dollars.
But like the, the floor plan is very, the fourth bedroom really is just a closet.
I see.
It's been the perfect set up Joel upstairs.
Is that your bedroom?
The closet bedroom.
No, I live in the basement.
Okay.
So I have the entire first floor.
And this place should probably rent for.
$2,000 more a month than it does.
And so he's.
I'm going to have to pay more every month for to have less space in amenities.
Sounds weird.
Do you have a guest room?
I don't know.
I mean, I have an extra room, but like it's the office.
This is a huge load off.
Thank you, man.
Well, not necessarily because it's not.
It's not like just dedicated to be a guest room right now.
I'm using that's a office in recording studio.
And it's a record office.
So it's actually perfect because like that's my bed right there.
And I have this set up.
So I won't even have to bring my shit.
I wouldn't, I wouldn't be able to.
I would feel bad because I would be like needing to record in here.
I don't feel bad.
You could, yeah, you could change the quilt out.
It wouldn't be a quilt situation.
It would be like, I don't want to.
I don't want to.
I don't want to be a quilt situation for sure.
All right.
And then you can hang up your bridge photo from IKEA.
Yeah.
The bridge photo will always be there.
Yeah, but the quilt.
I don't, I don't even want to talk about like interior design.
Yeah.
Now we're starting to like go down the road.
And I don't want that to be the case actually.
Uh, I want to put roots down.
So I was wondering if you were interested in like a two year,
at least.
I've not adjusted in any year,
You give me $10,000 a month to live with me.
I don't think about it.
Great.
I can't afford that, but I can make it work.
Um, Joel.
You can fill it.
I'll fill it.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
I fill it.
I'll fill it.
Yeah.
You went to Kobe's high school.
That's true.
Lower Mary and high school.
You were on varsity.
Yeah.
Basketball.
Was he on varsity?
Uh, he was actually mostly on JV.
They called him up for a few games.
That's what I thought.
Yeah.
He had a growth spurt right before the NBA draft.
Winchard is Joel, but not really Kale actually.
Kale has been on the show like three times.
But it hasn't Joel been on the show before?
No.
That's absolutely false.
I've seen Joel on the show.
I feel like heaven.
No.
You're thinking of Chris.
Yeah.
Or Brad.
That's my appearances were memorable to you from here.
Yeah.
I mean, definitely.
I mean, I feel like memorable too.
Yeah.
I guess.
I've done enough zooms with Joel that it all feels the same.
Yeah.
But we should at least introduce the other guests.
I think.
Then we also have Kale and Amira on.
Hi, everybody.
They're just, yeah.
I'm stressed because like the, my, the bottom of my foundational pyramid is gone.
It's been swept up from under me.
And I have this fucking cat to worry about.
So when do you have to move?
Well, we do have until September 30th.
So you're stressed.
You have to move in five months.
I just want to make sure we find a place that I'm happy with.
Instantly happy.
I need a front yard.
I need a back deck.
I need roof access where you can see downtown LA.
Are you committed to?
Are you committed to LA?
Because last time you took a few months off,
you just went to New York.
And I thought you sort of fit in over there more than out here,
a little bit.
You just want me gone.
I mean, could be a nice little respite for you to spend another winter,
back east, hunkeredown.
Because last time you were there was during a pretty nasty COVID surge.
So a lot of stuff was closed, right?
You were there in January and they just had a,
I think it was on the front was it that sort of shut everything down for a little bit.
Correct.
It was.
So what do you think about heading back?
Going going back back to Brooklyn, Brooklyn.
Because you have to leave your house, right?
We'd love to have you back, Jess.
And I honestly think a little distance between the two of you will be really healthy for your relationship.
He's doing the gritty.
New York it is.
No, I want to stay in the way.
Getting your bond to the week pretty fast.
Because we kind of have a lot to cover.
Alright, that this bond to the week.
Yeah.
My landlord is having hell.
My bond to the week is hairy.
My landlord actually because he's having health issues.
And I feel like if he was trained by the best of the best who get James ready to put on a vest.
I think that he would maybe be better health and wouldn't need to sell the place.
He's a desert dwelling hippie.
And I think that'd be interesting for him to be 007 as well.
Nice.
What if James went off grid?
Let me finish.
He took a more than a pregnant pause.
Anybody else?
70 bonds a the week.
Uh, James Mark.
That'd be great.
She already kind of plays a James Bond style person in hacks.
Yeah.
She can do anything.
Hmm.
How about a sap rocky?
Why?
He's a very attractive man, highly fashionable.
Uh,
Created, please don't touch my wrath.
Yeah.
Could probably be bond.
He does look very bond in this photo.
Amir?
Um.
What about John Mayer?
He's tall and handsome.
And he can sort of sing.
We've never had a bond who can sort of jam.
So can he sap rocky?
Yeah.
That's different.
I feel like John Mayer.
Any already has a pension for watches.
Isn't that part of the bond, Mystique?
Oh, can I move?
I don't think Mayer would make a good bond.
And I love John Mayer.
Yeah.
I think I think James Bond shouldn't be able to like,
Wow, anybody when he sees you suggested your landlord.
So.
He don't really get to have notes on other people.
Shit.
That was easy.
Uh, I'm glad we got that out of the way.
Cause this, I'm not feeling it this week.
I didn't want to do bond of the week,
but when I don't do it, people get mad.
Uh, what I want to talk about is, uh, little scissors.
Announce says the new official pizza of the NFL.
It's talk about it.
I think it should have been, uh,
fucking triple beam.
Is that a local chain here in LA?
It's local for now.
But all they need is that cash,
that, that deal that advertising deal with an NFL.
With an MLS with a W NBA to sort of go global.
I haven't had little scissors.
Maybe ever.
Have you guys had little scissors?
Is it good?
I've actually never heard of it.
Wow.
It's very, it's a big on the east coast.
Interesting.
It's just a west coast chain.
But yet still I've never had it.
I believe it's Detroit based.
Yeah.
Detroit's out pizza.
Yes.
All right.
Where the pistons play is the little scissors arena.
Yeah.
I can't believe you've never heard of little
scissors.
The pizza pizza.
It's a, it's a Caesar.
An animated Caesar who just says pizza pizza.
Come on.
Think of it.
I've heard of the stadium.
Yeah.
The stadium makes sense.
I think little scissors every time I have it is very greasy.
Um, that's why I just don't think it should be.
Like the, the only reason it's the special sponsors.
Money is money.
And like, I don't know where they get the money.
Because I've also never heard of anybody buying little,
little scissors.
I've never showed up to a party in.
They're being the box on the coffee table.
Right.
Amir.
You might get out.
No.
You definitely muted him.
I see.
Oh.
It's just he was like going off about fucking the ins and
outs of.
Or little scissors and how greasy it is.
It's taking breaks is really healthy and good.
I get it.
Um, what did you want us to go on?
About.
Yeah.
Like.
I was going on about the topic that you.
Shored into the episode.
You're right.
And I never said greasy.
I said I've never had it.
I said the tagline is pizza pizza.
Jeff, I think you said it was greasy.
That's true.
Yeah.
I guess I thought this would be more interesting.
Like the energy sour.
So it's the pizza.
You thought an NFL pizza partnership.
Shifting from pizza hut to little Caesars would be more interesting.
I can't hear you.
And now you're muted.
What's going on?
Cat got your mic.
Nice.
That was just nice.
What are you eating?
Oh, I'm sure.
Come over to your special beans.
Ooh.
Oh, podcast.
I think it should have been Papa John.
That's my answer.
What do you guys think?
No.
Papa John's the founders.
Pretty racist.
I believe.
Yeah.
But I thought, yeah, I was dead.
I guess.
But still.
I thought he was still there at the John.
But also it kind of makes sense because the NFL's also quasi problematic.
So it might have been a bad idea.
Yeah.
There's something at that.
It's a great point.
We're thrilled to welcome little Caesars to NFL family.
Said Renee Anderson, the chief revenue officer.
An executive VP of NFL partnerships with a focus on quality and convenience.
Little Caesars offers unmatched value for our fans.
And we look forward to working together to positively impact community success.
God's by creating the press release.
It does not matter.
It didn't matter.
Why would there be the article?
Because the article is paid for.
Kelly, you work in marketing.
You understand how this shit works.
This is not actually news.
The article wasn't paid for, but it's just like part of the announcement that the whole relationship was purchased.
Right.
And it's it's people who are is in their best interest to talk about the pizza.
And then the pizza people talk about the football.
And they say that it's a great fit.
The pizza people talk about the football exactly.
Exactly.
It doesn't mean anything.
You shouldn't give them this airtime during the show.
I'm much more with you.
That's marketing.
Just don't tell Marty and Cohen that because I want to keep my job.
I didn't know if you guys had any fucking personal stories.
It's just talking points.
You know, and then we'll go off into bits from there.
Joel's angry for some reason is the nice looking bed I've ever seen in terms of how it's made.
He definitely made it special for the pot.
That's not what it is like every day.
That's true.
That's like that's above and beyond even like the lines on the bed are perfectly straight.
Yeah.
They're nice.
No, I do this every day.
Is that a queen?
King?
That's a queen.
It looks larger from this angle.
Right.
Yeah.
Because yeah, we can see it goes from the top of bottom of the stream.
Nearly to the top.
You got the basketball pillow, which is, you know, charming because you're now an adult man
and the pillow is a little bit.
I actually also have a trash can.
That's a basketball hoop.
Oh, that's cool.
What's it?
You put a basketball hoop on the East Coast office request list?
Yes.
Okay.
I'm not dying.
Whenever I'm like moving somewhere, I stuff the pillow inside the trash can.
And it's kind of like, well, it's like a slam dunk situation.
There's also basketball.
It is also like space efficient.
Yeah.
What's your shirt?
It looks also basketball themed.
Space Jam.
Okay.
Little scissors is a perfect match.
It's not right.
A hundred million NFLs.
They're not right ahead.
They're known for unique product offerings.
Like pretzel pizza.
The Batman Calzoni.
And now 33% more pepperoni.
Who cares, man?
It does not matter.
33% more pepperoni.
None of us have had little scissors.
I think head gum can take something from this fucking partnership.
What?
Fucking delivering product offerings and promotions.
Partnerships.
When was the last time we part the Netflix thing?
Fucking went belly up, right?
We can't talk about that.
Can we not?
No.
Well, it didn't fucking work out.
That's people already know that.
Yeah.
First.
I see.
You brought it up three weeks ago.
Really?
Yeah.
They said, they people know that.
Because of you, they know that.
Thanks.
Well, the show never came out.
If I had said nothing, it would have never come out.
And there was an announcement.
So, don't put it all on me.
It would have been there no matter what.
All I'm saying is that that one didn't go very well.
Did it go?
It's cool.
It's nothing to do with it.
I'm not saying it's our fault.
But what you need to know is press releases are just for Google trends purposes.
They mean nothing.
And my old job, the head used to announce these things all the time.
And literally never follow up on it.
Okay.
So it's always all lie.
I'm just saying who could we partner with?
That's a good question.
Sports wise, what could we afford slash get to?
I mean, obviously a Jersey Sponsorship would be cool.
But those are in the millions of dollars.
We've heard it can't afford that.
But what about?
Is it worth getting branded ads at like a commercial summer baseball?
Yeah.
They're very expensive.
Mine are lily.
Because they dance and they sell a lot of tickets.
Yeah.
So they've been doing a lot of tick-tock nonsense.
It's been sort of doing bye, bye, bye.
After like a strikeout.
We also hit the quann.
And if they knew, I think they also might.
Yeah.
They pitch on stilts.
This is the bananas.
Yes.
It's a banana bananas.
Yeah.
Is that a minor league team or is it like a Harlem Glob Trotter style exhibition
Baseball team?
It's a collegiate summer baseball team.
So it's like between college things.
Interesting.
Well, if the bananas are listening, reach out to us.
And we can work out some partnership.
Jeff will go down.
Yeah.
Jeff will go down on one of you if necessary.
Joel, how's your sex life?
No.
Don't like that as an entertainer.
It feels like both of us are asking.
Mine was a joke on a side.
You don't have to like pile on that and start asking about personal details of company
and employees.
It's it's uncouth.
It's illegal.
It's probably an HR violation to even ask.
And now Joel can't answer.
You're putting him in a weird predicament.
A sticky situation.
I was just wondering how was.
Yeah.
I know.
What was your talk?
How was your talk?
How's your work?
It's what?
It's so boring.
Oh, that's cool.
You know that Kayla's parents listen to this, right?
Yeah.
And they like you for some reason.
Me?
No.
How would they even know who you are?
A mere thought I was on the bottom.
Yeah.
That's what I'm going to do.
Well, that's a glowing recommendation to keep doing what I'm doing.
So Joel, how is that cock, man?
How is that cock, man?
It's shugging along.
It's fine.
Everybody always says it's fine.
I first told you it was sobering.
Yeah.
That's true.
Has anyone said it's shugging along before?
Ah.
Yeah.
No.
If anybody ever cared to ask me, maybe I would have said something like that.
Really?
I will not ask.
Yeah.
My parents listened to this podcast.
And they're definitely listening to this episode.
Oh, yeah.
Their favorite guest is on.
Joel.
Me?
There we go.
Just for ads.
Nothing else.
Guys, you know, it feels like you need a degree in grapes to find great wine.
You can shop by how you think the label looks, I guess, or try to remember what tan
and zhar, but shouldn't it be easier?
Well, that's where first leaf comes in.
Because first leaf does the hard work for you.
They make it simple to discover new wines you love without the hit or miss factor.
First leaf samples over 10,000 wines a year from around the world and selects only the finest
bottles.
They take the time to learn what you like and what you don't.
Then they send you world-class wines tailored to your taste.
Firstly, 74 bottles of wine.
I loved all four of them.
I used them for a momma me a party that never made George through.
And they were hit.
So I can't recommend first leaf off.
I've also, I've used other wine clubs before, but first leaf seemed to really nail the,
you know, tasting notes that I wanted in every bottle.
And if you're not happy with a wine you receive, first leaf will credit you for another.
It doesn't really get simpler than that.
So sign up today and you'll get your first six bottles for 29.95 plus free shipping.
So go to try first leaf.com slash what's that?
That's try first leaf.
T-R-Y-F-I-R-S-T-L-E-A-F dot com slash what's that to get your first six bottles
for only 29.95 plus free shipping?
That's an amazing deal.
Try first leaf.com slash what's that?
Thanks first leaf.
And we're back.
All right, we've talked about the Savannah bananas.
We've talked about little Caesar's partnership with the NFL.
We've talked about Joel's cock.
If you guys don't want me asking about your bits and pieces,
then at least we should all go around and say how much we weigh.
Then at least we should talk about how much we weigh.
That's the least we can do.
That is on talk about other personal details.
Yes.
Fine, I weigh 160 pounds.
You're only 160?
No, you have like muscle.
Definitely.
Do you want to start with a guess?
No.
I'll guess Joel is a little under me.
154.
It's about right.
Maybe you're in a little less than that.
But I'd like to put on some pounds honestly.
Why don't you and I meet in the middle at 162?
Like me doesn't agree that's my weight or that's about weight.
I'm 173.
So I'd love to get at 162.
I want to be with me in the middle.
Actually, what's, is that the middle?
Yeah.
163.
My Rhode Island license hasn't been updated since I was a senior in high school,
so it says I'm 100 pounds.
That's not good.
I'll go with that.
Okay.
Now I think you me and Joel should meet in the throttle.
What is that?
134?
I don't want to be 134.
That would, I don't even, I can't be that.
Yeah.
Like it's honestly asking more of Jeff.
So the least you could do is gain 34 pounds since your high school graduation.
Because now Jeff has to lose 40 some, some odd pounds.
And that's.
I'm not leaving.
I'm absolutely emaciated.
Wave is nourished.
Yeah.
I did those.
I have, sorry.
I'll come up a little bit now.
34 pounds.
Let's just.
All right.
You get to 112.
Jeff gets down to 142.
We can 142.
I'd have to lose so much muscle mass.
Yeah.
Exactly.
See, you're sort of starving yourself.
Right.
You feel malnourished.
I would be.
Yeah.
I'm sorry that I'm a woman living in modern society.
We can't wait very much.
It's.
I would like it to be.
Actually, that's really bad that I just said that people can weigh
whatever they want.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Jeff.
Wayward.
Everyone.
Exactly.
Wow.
Um.
No, yeah.
It'd be called to be Joel's weight.
Everyone's perfect in whatever they weigh it's right now.
You're always great.
Joel.
Thank you.
What's that?
Joel is perfect.
They're all perfect.
Because we're all trying to be Joel.
Is that what you're saying?
Yes.
Nope.
I want to be Joel.
I want to be Joel's athletic ability.
Hight your what six even six one.
I'm five eleven.
Okay.
I'm already there.
I'd like to have Joel's age for sure.
Just an extra decade plus on my hands.
Of loving that hashtag.
Good life.
Yeah.
Um.
I color would be nice.
Are those green eyes?
Hazel.
Yeah.
They sort of vary.
Joel lines perfection.
Plus he's kind of like tall never right?
What?
What was so offensive?
Not even if you would say it.
Because he did just ask about his dick.
And then you made us all say our weight.
So where do you draw the line?
I'm question.
I was going to say he sort of one of those tall skinny white dudes.
You probably has a horse cock.
Yeah.
So that probably not as bad as what I thought you would sort of cut yourself off from saying.
I didn't want to say the horse cock.
That's the way I draw the line.
Yes.
Okay.
If your parents are still listening to this, I urge them to hit that fast forward button 45 seconds.
Imagine entertainment.
Inks overall deal with the Washington Post.
Let's talk about it.
This is interesting to me.
First of all.
Jake's wife works imagine now, which is imagine that.
I wonder as well.
If headgum.
Inks.
A fucking first look podcast deal with with the New York Times with the plain dealer.
The Cleveland plain dealer.
That one would be easy to get.
Why would we call it that by the way?
The plain dealer because they deal out stories of plain.
Nothing happens in Cleveland.
We're talking about it's because of the great plans.
I'm pretty sure.
And the dealer part.
Cleveland was part of the Connecticut Western Reserve.
Which is not a great plane.
I'm sorry.
I actually don't know anything about Ohio.
Nobody does or should.
That's why we shouldn't do it with the plain dealer.
But it's kind of nice to say that we ink anything.
Like I'd like to ink something.
Yeah.
What could headgum ink?
We've inked a lot of things, but we just can't talk about it yet.
We've inked a lot of arms.
We got to really big summer ahead of us.
How to deal with squid game.
Yes.
We should sort of ink a deal with squid game.
That's good.
With squid ink.
We out.
That's really good.
We've done deals and we've had press releases.
But I feel like it never has the word ink in the headline.
Yeah.
Okay.
Can we sort of commit to that right now in the room?
Yeah.
That's really great feedback.
I'll bring you in on those meetings.
And I'll make sure to include the word ink at the next press release.
I don't want to be included though.
Because that's extra work.
Slash used for me.
My insight slash suggestion has already been delivered.
And it's sent to you.
And I feel like you have the authority to now push that through.
So for example, what was our last press release?
And what was the headline for it?
For a headline for example.
Either one.
I think Violet Benson joining the mall was our most recent one.
So that could have been Gumball ink steel with Violet Benson.
No, you're right.
And by the way, I love never receiving feedback from you ever,
except during a podcast recording.
So let's keep that.
And it's always ink based.
Yeah.
Always.
This is great.
It's got to be ink.
We've never referred to ourselves as like headgumb ink.
Like headgumb ink incorporated.
Oh, because then you've got to work into every single press release.
That's good.
I think because we were an LLC for so long.
Yeah.
Rarely an ink.
There we are.
Headgumb ink.
Ink steel with ink company.
And then we talk about an ink company that we've partnered with.
So CA broke the deal to create scripted and unscripted film and TV content.
Inspired by the posts archives.
What pod like.
If we're going to sign a deal with some kind of publication,
what kind of podcasts are we looking for.
Content wise at the moment that, you know,
and be helpful to have access to there are archives.
What about the.
National inquire.
So it's we're like.
Ostentatious insane.
Sometimes fake news that we can sort of face our stories off of.
I like that a lot.
We could also do Hollywood Reporter of variety.
Let's get Joel.
Do you mind taking the lead on this?
Do you want to make a goal?
So it's sort of like what I'm here to decay.
I'm going to.
I'm going to execute on it.
Yeah.
Sure.
The Joel didn't knock out the entire site for 15 minutes.
So do you want him leading projects?
I also brought it back.
Oh, that's true.
That's true.
Was breaking a battle just by all brought it back?
Is it just a matter of hitting edit undue or does that not work in programming?
It was slightly more complicated.
More like a redo, like yes.
I see hit the rebuild.
Yeah.
Joel is smarter than all of us.
Pile things.
Joel is really smart.
And I trust Pile.
Yeah.
National inquiry headline.
James Khan, looking for a gal.
He can't refuse.
To fist.
Godfather.
Gangster.
James Khan.
He's on the hunt for new romance.
And a great new role.
At the ripe age of 82.
He's flunked at marriage four times.
This could be kind of a dead ice thing.
Like, you know, old man, wing man.
James Khan was so hot when he was young.
Yeah.
He was like, it could be me and James Khan or Johnny and James Khan trying to find
Khan love at the ripe old age of 82.
And it could be called the long Khan.
That's even better.
Holy shit.
Wow.
This is that shit.
This is that shit that we would never have come up with.
If we didn't have the overall deal.
If we didn't have the first look.
Agreement.
We can even debut it in Khan.
Oh, God.
They don't do that because.
But like, that's, it's the same thing.
It's like the long Khan, but debuted in Khan.
No, it's not.
Yeah, it makes sense, but they don't.
That film festival doesn't do podcasts.
Let's keep producing a national inquire.
Mean girl, Amanda C. Fried's Hooters horror.
I don't want to read that one.
You already did.
Yeah.
The bad part was already under your belt.
Is it about owls?
Uh, it is not.
Then I don't really want to hear it.
Crusader, no, it's said.
A lot of these are about boobs.
Sex sells.
Is that true still Kayla?
Yeah.
Pope Jesus Christ.
George Clooney goes to Looney for wife Amal's sexy new look.
Say that one again.
George Clooney goes Looney for Amal's new look.
I mean, she's gorgeous all the time.
I would be Looney 24 seven.
Yeah.
They almost got a divorce apparently.
Oh, Brad and his wife.
Sorry.
I feel like we're veering off from what very little you had planned, right?
What was it that started with?
It was like you were just reading news.
You had little you were reading press releases or something.
And now you're just sort of it's like a news episode.
I thought we would talk about headlines and wax about them.
I see.
But now we're just reading inquire headlines.
I would kick your ass if you didn't sign my fake checks.
I don't think he does.
Oh, okay.
So when do you think?
Did you guys see Ryan Gosling as Ken?
Yeah.
Like this.
Gosling's been gone for a while.
I am very excited that this is come back.
It'll be great.
He looks shredded.
Yes, again.
Crazy stupid love style, but probably even in better shape.
Joel, what do you think?
Uh, I don't know where you're talking about.
You said he's coming as Ken.
No, as Ken.
As like a Ken doll in the Barbie movie.
Oh, I thought you said as Ken.
I wish.
No, this Barbie represents the first time the toy has been rendered as a live action.
Yep.
Interesting.
Why is Margo Robbie Barbie?
She's not that attractive.
Like does anybody think Margo Robbie can pull that off?
She's a, she's a troll.
Is that safe to say?
Isn't she famous for being sort of an ego or something like that?
I mean, look at this picture.
They're doing the best they can.
But it's, it's not going to happen, right?
For Margo.
Do you guys think that she's?
What did you read?
What?
I don't understand where you got to this end.
If anything, she's hyper-sexualized by media.
Hmm.
Sorry.
I think about somebody else.
What's that?
There's a natural color.
Take down piece.
Yeah.
He called her troll.
Why would you do that?
Sorry.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, she was trying to get me down to 1, 30, 1, 1, 1, 32 earlier.
So I don't know if you can stay.
Yeah.
That's about if it's positivity.
Well, then I told you your perfect way you are.
Yeah.
But it's a fact.
Like hating me.
I got a really directing.
I could compliment.
I could say Margo Robbie has like, if I had to like compliment her.
I'd be like, she has a little scroll back up again.
She has like a really nice eyes or something like that.
You don't have to compliment her at all about her appearance.
You don't have to mention it.
Yeah.
I just felt bad.
You have to thank her eyes.
You also love Joel's.
Honestly, Joel would be a better Barbie at this point.
Yeah.
Also, you, yeah.
I mean, you're constantly like at my throat, especially on this show,
sometimes over text.
And maybe it's all because my eyes are in bad health, right?
Oh, I thought you've been working on that, though.
I am.
And how's that going?
They're fine.
You're better than they used to be.
Um, well, this is something Hollywood.
Bob Hart's Abba Shola.
Hmm.
Are you guys caught up on that show?
Show up for a second.
Um.
Because you're not talking.
You're just scrolling.
So I thought I would fill in.
Yeah.
That's good too.
Silence.
Yeah.
But then you told me to shut up.
Just shut up for a second.
Okay.
Gina Price Blifewood.
Bifewood.
Um.
So yeah.
You're not doing anything.
It's like you're killing time before the podcast starts.
Yeah.
This has nothing.
Let's go to variety.
It's going to have the same amount of nothing.
It's just headlines.
This is like the same exact thing as fucking who is rea scene horn.
See horn cover.
This isn't what you're supposed to do during the show.
What am I supposed to do?
It has an emergency.
What was it?
I can't say.
So now you're just like the equivalent of reading a tabloid before a dentist appointment.
Like you're barely getting through individual headlines.
There's no way we can have conversation about that.
Well, you guys don't want to talk about your weight.
You're fucking bits.
You don't want to talk about Joel's.
Uh, actually we did talk about his apartment a little bit.
Yeah.
We don't talk about our weight.
Partnerships.
We don't want to talk about the Savannah bananas.
And you don't want to talk about fucking first look deals.
So that's what I had prepared.
And I think that that's usually enough first in episode.
You know, Marika probably would have driven it.
That's the issue.
She's out of town.
I'm fucking falling apart.
Uh, that's clear.
I don't know who's worried about the company falling apart.
I'm having an nervous breakdown.
It is funny that Marika on the last episode was like,
I'm going to trust Jeff to upload the podcast.
And I think it was an uploaded, right?
You said.
You did not do that.
I did do that.
I didn't do that.
I wasn't.
The video.
Yeah.
And then it was scheduled to be uploaded.
It added the file.
Not everything was okay.
But apparently you have to schedule upload after you have a file.
Right.
So, so what you're saying is you didn't do it.
Yes, but it was in the effort of drafting the clip on Monday so that everything's good
to go.
It's okay.
Less than learn.
Now you know.
Yeah.
No, I know.
So the learning moment for you.
This is not good.
This is not good at all.
Spotify.
So another headline.
Yeah.
I just.
A bunch of companies are losing employees.
I guess because there's a recession of foot.
Yeah.
Oh, this is just this is just great.
How the hell are we going to sell for 200 million if Spotify is cutting back their
workforce?
Let alone fucking acquisitions.
I'll tell you how.
Gumball replaces the jobs.
What?
Gumball will allow them to lay off more people.
I really don't feel comfortable positioning.
Gumball is a solution for layoffs.
Really.
Yeah.
So let's not push that narrative.
Hmm.
Sort of like automate stuff that people don't want to do is that people can do other better things.
Really.
Yeah.
Can you do the train noise now?
Mm.
Do you guys know of any three bedrooms?
Ha ha ha.
On the side of Los Angeles, are you guys all sticking together?
Yeah.
We are we.
You're you suddenly are current one is a four bedroom.
So it sounds like you're not actually there's only three of us.
But again.
But again, you have a guest room. Yeah.
That's cool.
You said you're going LA sometimes.
Well, yeah, Kayla, where are you staying when you're out here?
You are welcome to stay with me, but it's not a nice place.
The room specifically has a bunch of yarn all over the place.
That sounds great on me.
My roommate works in the fashion industry.
Oh, that's cool.
Joel, let's hear about your roommates.
What about them?
What do they do, however they're cocks?
Well, we were just talking.
Start with the second question.
We think we should show a chair actually from our neighbor.
Expand them.
Yeah.
There's a little like recycling room on each floor.
Whenever I pass by on the way to my apartment,
I take a little look to see if I do anything good being thrown out.
We've gotten some good art from there.
Two days ago, there was a great sort of teal chair shaped like a shell,
which I napped and put in my apartment.
And then yesterday, my roommate Simone said that he actually thought he's also
moving in right there.
Actually, the chair was just the first thing that they'd brought up.
And it's in our apartment.
Are you going to take it back?
I mean, we want to return it.
But how does one go about that?
I think you just see.
There's also a chance the chair, someone else was throwing out the chair.
Yeah.
Well, hopefully they listen to this podcast.
There's no way.
There's no way they listen.
It's a chair thief.
Am I still a thief if I return it?
Let's say you get arrested for stealing something,
but then you return it.
Yeah, you're still a crime.
Yes.
Because you were arrested and found guilty, it seems.
Also, are you returning it after your arrest?
Or is that it's just getting returned?
I'm returning it before the arrest.
I think if you come clean and that should absolve you of the crime, yeah.
All right.
Well, turn it then.
Wow.
I'm not on their door and ask them if they lost the chair on the move.
Yeah.
Did some of us go back to the chair?
Because I'll get it back for you.
Here's a chair thief in the building.
Watch out.
Also, if we're going to get a drink sometime, let me know.
Yeah.
Plugs.
What do you guys have going on when you want to point the people to?
The floor is Joel's go.
You can follow me on Instagram at Joelman.
Done off.
Believe that's it.
More already.
I've come has a big summer.
So follow us on social to learn more.
And also follow gumball on social to hear about the exciting things coming in our marketplace.
And you could follow me on Instagram.
Hey, well, I'm more ready for pictures of my dog was birthday with yesterday.
I saw that.
That was cute.
Happy 7.
Did you get him anything?
Yeah.
Well, his barks arrived yesterday, which was perfect timing.
And he loves it.
That's good.
It was Jurassic Park themed.
Very good.
Uh-huh.
Another sponsorship.
Bark box ink did actually.
Uh-huh.
That's good.
Well.
Uh, I do have a major killer before my plugs.
Major killer at Ignore Amir's plugs today.
Um, at Jeffrey James on Instagram.
At Jeffrey out in Twitter.
Amir takes a hell.
What the hell?
No, just like plug yourself.
You just said to ignore them.
That's just a major killer.
So people don't have to follow it.
Yeah, they don't have to follow it.
As Kayla mentioned, it will be a hot headgum summer.
We're looking to ink quite a few deals.
So, um, set that Google newsletter for headgum and ink.
And just watch those notifications roll in.
We deserve to know what your emergency was.
If the episode's going to be this thin.
There's actually another reason we should know.
I was originally going to shout out my mom.
So it was her birthday on the first day.
We were going to record.
Wow.
And you have an emergency of sorts.
It gets delayed.
No more birthday shout out for Teresa.
Happy birthday Teresa.
Namaste.
That was a headgum original.